---
layout: post
title: "The list"
date: 2025-08-15
categories: personal thoughts
---

The lady of my dreams?  
I used to say, *I don't sleep so I can't find her.*  

well, now I've found her and started dreaming.  

you have no idea.  
or maybe you do.  
in the way my gaze lingers a little to long.  

there's this pull, that makes my thoughts drift to moments we've never had, but i swear i can almost feel them.  

And yet, even in those reckless daydreams, there is that respect, that invisible line i'd never cross without you letting me. But if you did?  

Well.. i think you know exactly how far i'd go.  

---

i dream our feets brushing against each other under the blankets in the early morning  
i dream saying your name against your shoulder, while i explore each and every part of your body  
i dream slipping my fingers under your shirt to thinking how lucky to be the one touching your skin  

i look at you, and want to kiss you,  
more than anything i want to start with a kiss,  
a kiss to tell me that you trust me  
a kiss slowly moving on to other parts of your body,  
with your hands guiding the way  

i want to kiss you but not gently,  
bruise your skin with my lips  
leave marks where I've kissed  
so when you leave, you'll still feel it  

i really wanna hug you  
not just for a few seconds,  
i want to hold you, squeeze my arms around you and pull you closer than humanely possible.  
i want my face buried in your chest,  
i want to know your scent like you know mine  
i just want to hug you for a really long long time
